# Progress Meeting

## Prepared Questions:
#### About the exposé:
- Title: 
	- [x] Not sure how much the actual conflict will come up, as it's hard to find data. It is much easier to find more general/pre-war data. Maybe adjust the title? Or
	- [x] Find more data on the conflict? Email to Verteidigungsministerium?
	- A: Don't mention the conflict in the title when it doesn't come up
- Basics: 
	- [x] Infographics - Is it necessary? Is it enough? Should there be more information for the full thesis or is it assumed to be known?
	- A: It's fine the way it is
	- Technologies:
		- [x] HTML, JavaScript and CSS are ok to be assumed known?
		- A: Mention where and for what they have been used. Not what they are.
		- [x] Should Python be mentioned, as it is not relevant for the result?
		- A: Can be mentioned when explaining the process
		- [x] Should I mention and/or explain git? It seems very important, yet THB doesn't seem to think so..
		- A: Could be, but not necessary
		- [x] What about software that was used. Like Obsidian or VS-Code. Probably too much?
		- A: Too much, noone cares
		- [x] Is this the right spot to mention which D3 version was used and in which browsers it was tested?
		- A: Should be mentioned for sure. Not sure where
		- [x] As D3 is in the spotlight, it is probably valid to go more in depth about how it works and is structured. So this should get its own section, right?
		- A: Very much so. This might become it's own chapter
- Diagrams: 
	- [x] As it can be quite a lot, should it be explained more in depth? I.e. a visual overview of use-cases and diagrams?
	- A: Explaining diagrams in general is not needed. But do explain why which diagram was chosen for which representation
- Data: 
	- [x] Is it ok to make claims like beeing "generally percieved as reliable"?
	- A: Don't make the claims. Just say "For this thesis we are using data from ..."
#### Other questions:
- [x] Did the other professor answer?
- [x] When will the next meeting be?
- [x] Should I try to aim for a wide rage of diagrams or rather less but more polished?
- [x] Would you like access to the git repository?
	- [x] If it is set to public: which parts should be redacted?
- [x] Anythink in my style of work which I could improve for personal groth?
